once upon a time America was singing the
blues now from the music of the past
comes the musical of the future pennies
from heaven starring Steve Martin in a
dazzling a different role as Arthur
Parker the music salesman who believes
in a world where the songs come true I
was pretending Bernadette Peters is the
schoolteacher who gives up everything to
follow Arthur and his dream
[Music]
put the real me into them songs always
knew they told the truth
I don't even know who you are I'm Marc
and I love you by the way are your wife
Jessica Harper is Arthur's wife make me
happy
be nice
[Music]
why'd you say and Academy award-winner
Christopher Walken as you've never seen
him before
[Applause]
[Music]
Kenny's from heaven
Gary provocative original unquestionably
a new step forward in movie musicals
[Music]
tell the truth
songs do there must be some place for
them songs for real
it's all singing
it's own dancing
[Music]
and it's all inside of Arthur Parker a
man who lives on both sides of the
rainbow
[Music]
pennies from heaven
a film by Herbert Ross
[Music]